Welcome to the breakdown where we breakdown
all the messed up shit! My name is Spooky,
and so in the last video that I uploaded,
the top comment thread was talking about a
film called Concrete. I've been holding it
off for a while and that's because I had a
pretty anxious moment. Let me explain. Concrete
is a film based on the murder of Junko Furuta,
easily one of the most saddest and disturbing
murder cases I've ever heard of. If you've
been subbed for a while, you would know that
I had an anxious moment viewing a ero guro
manga from Uziga Waita based on that crime.
Only two times have I been scared to look
at something, which is that manga and Rare:
A Dead Person. So if its not obvious, this
film is based on her case, showing the delinquents
and their social conditions first before culminating
with their torture and murder of Junko. I
think its fair to say that the murder of Junko
has inspired countless extreme films, especially
when adolescents are the sick and twisted.
This film was directed by the same guy who
did All Night Long. This isn't a complete
factual way that things went down. Its just
simply a retelling similar to The Girl Next
Door is a retelling of Sylvia Likin's murder.
So, if you want to see what happens, including
all the messed up parts, stay tuned for the
breakdown, cue the Gohan!
Concrete begins with a quote. "Youth is blessed
only in that it holds the promise of a future".
It next states that crimes committed by juveniles
have grown ever more heinous. The story we
see will involve young people who lost their
touch on reality and acted according to their
basest desires. Some teens are moving a barrel
of concrete. Believing that nobody will even
pay any mind to it. Then we cut back to the
past. A young guy named Tatsuo is called in
to be bullied by people in his little Judo
team. They are extra jealous that he won a
tournament. He beats them up pretty good at
first but soon just gets overwhelmed. After
his ass whupping, his mother desperately wants
to call for help. She is considering everybody
who could help even the police. He just wants
to stubbornly handle his own problems though,
an gets into an argument about her not really
caring about him. (Sarcastically) Yeah, I
see I mean, if I were bullied, and my mom
says "oh what happened, we have to call the
police, we have to get help", yeah she doesn't
care. What a b word. What a terrible mom!
That was sarcasm yall. He puts his hands on
his own mom, get this, because "she doesn't
show that she cares".
He quits school, working at some kind of tile
placing company. He is trying to raise money
so he can convince his girlfriends mom here
to agree to their marriage. This is his girlfriends
mother, who has trouble even talking to her
kids. They both leave just because they don't
get what they want. This kid here has a name
but I'll just call him Minato. Some time later,
Tatsuo gets in trouble with the police. His
boss from his tile placing job helps him out
though. Probably the only person he likes
at all. He doesn't respect his family at all.
His father is gone and he beats on his mother
randomly. He says "Girls need hitting sometimes".
His boss stages a little intervention but
Tatsuo keeps insisting that "This bitch ain't
done shit for me". You know, Tatsuo you have
a fucking roof over your head. Shelter. I
think ass whuppings come in handy sometimes
yall. Sometimes you need a good ass whupping
to see the light, he probably hasn't even
got a spanking.
Some time later, Tatsuo is at work but some
overconfident bullies in flashy suits bully
everybody. This must be the Dojima Family.
One of em, Shimada is an old friend of Tatsuo.
Shimada is just rank and file member at the
moment, and reaches out to the patriarch or
chief to see if Tatsuo can accompany them.
He wants Tatsuo to join the Yakuza, walk with
your head high, get money and girls. So I'm
sure this is like a cabaret club or hostess
club. The Yakuza flex their status, and he
might definitely want to join their ranks
due to the reputation they carry. His girlfriend
though, doesn't agree with him getting money
in a sneaky way only seen by yakuza members.
Honestly she's kinda hard to read. Like at
this moment, she doesn't want him to be a
yakuza member, but at the same time, she fucking
sniffs glue. Like what is your stance on anything?!?
Tatsuo soon begs under the patriarch to see
if he can leave the family. If you've played
Yakuza 0, you know the only way you are leaving
the Yakuza is by death, and Tatsuo bitch ass
aint got hands Like A Dragon. Tatsuo just
sits awkwardly among his fellow members knowing
he wont be leaving any time soon.
Sometime later though, he is chosen to lead
and organize his own gang called The Ryujin
gang. Tatsuo is the chairman and recruits
Ozaki with the brown hair and the blond Ikeda
to join his ranks and get some others to join.
Remember Minato here. Well I guess Tatsuo
is dating his sister who doesn't live in this
house but they bum rush his house and recruit
Minato against his will. They also make this
little room their base of operations, despite
the fact that Minato's parents are downstairs.
The Ryujin gang does criminal acts like stealing
purses and money. They imagine that maybe
high school girls may be an easy mark. That's
what we see here, them chasing some students
through a field, bullying them and even ripping
their clothes off. This Ryujin gang is just
a juvenile club used to gather money to the
higher ranked Yakuza.
Soon they start kidnapping high school girls.
Tatsuo rapes one while the others sit and
watch, but they let the girl go after. They
do this for countless girls. The weird thing
is that the girl does call the police, the
boys get questioned, but they get let off
the hook because they denied everything. "The
cops are worthless" they say. Its hard to
count how many girls they actually decide
to kidnap and rape. Tonight is the start of
44 days of hell. The gang often sit on their
little scooters and observe for girls to kidnap.
They see one girl cycling home from work and
decide to follow. Her name in the movie is
Misaki, but I'll just call her, Junko. Ikeda
rides along side her and knocks her down.
Tatsuo comes along pretending to be just a
helpful person and helps her up and walks
her home a bit. She lives pretty far off and
doesn't trust him so tries to get him to stop
walking with her, but he just admits that
he's a big bad Yakuza who will kill her and
her family if she doesn't tag along.
He drags her into some kind of hotel and rapes
her. After he forces her to follow him to
a park where he meets up with Ikeda and Minato.
They sit and watch her as Tatsuo goes home
to sniff glue. When Tatsuo doesn't come back,
they just decide to hide her in their little
base of operations which is Minato's room,
and she is raped again in the bathroom after
pleading to be let go. Tatsuo brings out the
entire group to see the girl he has kidnapped.
One of the first things they do is stick foreign
objects inside her. If you can see it in their
hands, then they are probably raping her with
it. She becomes detached from it all. The
next day they talk about letting her go but
decide to keep her so they don't get arrested.
They are serial rapists and criminals that
the police are familiar with but haven't caught
them in the act.
Tatsuo is the most physically abusive of the
group, beating her for no reason at all sometimes.
He also scares the other members into doing
stuff to her sometimes but they are still
demons in their own right. To cover for themselves,
he makes her call her mom saying she will
be at a friends place for a few days. During
these first days, she spends a lot of time
trying to win their trust before asking to
be let go, but like I said, everybody is scared
of what Tatsuo will do to them. Junko gets
the courage to do things when they aren't
watching her. Like call the police quickly
when they are sleep. She can't give enough
details though other than help me because
they hear her. She runs away but is caught
and dragged back in, and the police on the
line are told that it was all a prank.
This is the mother of Minato I think. She
and the entire family is too scared to talk
back to their son and his friends. Like ridiculously
scared. The mother does try to help Junko
another night though, but she runs into Ikeda
and gets dragged back in again. As punishment,
they put lighter fluid on her leg and lights
her ablaze. So we are getting in the final
moments. Not to mention that I'm probably
skipping a lot of scenes because I don't feel
like saying then they did this or then they
did that. She is beaten a lot and loses control
of her bladder and bowel control. And of course,
somethings they do are kinda unspeakable.
Soon they discover that she died. It causes
panic in the group and one of them decides
to fight back against Tatsuo, the little bully
they were scared of. Tatsuo was like the mom
figure in The Girl Next Door, but I don't
get why he didn't grow a pair 44 days ago.
People too scared of an ass beating.
They definitely didn't plan on killing her,
but they decide to get rid of her body by
stuffing it in a barrel and filling it with
wet concrete, hence the title of the film.
They roll it far off into a field, where I
honestly think it's a possibility that Junko
could have never been discovered, at least
not immediately. This is the reason why they
do know of Junko's murder. The police take
Tatsuo in for custody for all the accusations
against him. The police also think that he
might have murdered a family. They ask him,
"So you actually murdered too". Its am ambiguous
statement, but Tatsuo believes they know about
Junko, and he tells on himself. The police
are baffled of course, not expecting him to
admit to murdering a high school girl they
didn't think was related. And so..that's basically
the end of the film. Keep in mind this wasn't
a full factual retelling. I'm telling you
what happened in the film, not the case, so
things are different. I'll get on that more
later. Lets just talk more about it, in that
Spooky stuff
The four main murderers are walking about
as you hear me. They've been released. They
are living on without any sign of remorse.
Its probably on one of the most disgusting
things I've ever heard. For starters, not
to quote Hiroshima, My Love, but you saw nothing.
This film is like the Nick Jr version of what
happened to Junko. I think its honestly unimaginable
to think of what she went through. And its
all because she was in the wrong place in
the wrong time. She was literally just riding
home from work, and being a pretty teenager
got her kidnapped and tortured for over a
month. And then they all get released because
they were under 18, and they don't feel a
single ounce of remorse, in fact they brag
about what they did. The amount of despair
I just read off is just painful. I just wanted
to make a little video to go ahead and get
through this film. I knew it would a bit tough.
I do think its great that we can look back
on this case and remember her at least. Anyway
uh, thanks for watching this video. Spooky
OUT!